Characters 
----------
Dragon      - Oogway style high funny kleptomaniac Dragon who absolutely adores shiny 
              objects
Huraken     - The mythical mayan warrior . Kind of a Witcher figure .
UltGamer    - Techie whose real identity is unknown . Kind of an adrenaline junky.
Phate       - The (Greek?) god of Fate .Kind of a captain holt figure .
Jonquil     - A graceful goddess figure .Occasionally comes to aid of our heros .
_pirate_    - The all knowing oracle , immensely humble .
Azriel      - An empath with unstable behaviour.
Unknown     - An extradimensional Being ? Or an indian Deity ?



Plot
----
Techie is a helpful guy going around the real world neighborhood doing kind 
of robinhood work to help people .( Lets say he's a greyhat). He is accomodated 
in a motel when the motel owner's kid gets kidnapped (or some similar issue 
which would require his aid). The Techie volunteers to help because of his 
robinhood nature .He falls into an alternate reality (kind of a matrix and myth mix)
and completes various quests in his search for the kidnapped child . He is also 
accompanied by Azriel and meets Huraken a while into it . The three of them set 
upon the journey interacting with the various other characters and completing quests.



Question References - References are marked by [n]
-------------------
1 - Maze (Kind of Like the webcrawler) 
2 - Loging (A netcat Login Kinda Problem)


Story   (Parts I'm sure should occur)
-----
Someone asks for techies help to Login[2] to a remote system and get some info.
.
.
.       Part Immediately after falling into the alternate world
As he regained his consiousness all he could here was a repeating chant.
"HURAKEN WILL LEAD YOU THROUGH THE MAZE[1] , HURAKEN WILL LEAD YOU THROUGH THE MAZE
HURAKEN WILL LEAD YOU THROUGH THE MAZE" .His vision cleared and he saw a large 
creature fly .It was a Dragon disappearing into the distance still roaring 
"HURAKEN WILL LEAD YOU THROUGH THE MAZE".Who is Huraken ? and what Maze ?
So many questions and yet one question shadowed all the others . How did he just 
see a dragon ? He must definitely be dreaming .Mind still wandering he felt a tap
on his shoulder.He looked up and saw a young man with a brawny build yet bruises 
all over.But the bruises did'nt seem to bother the guy ."Name's Azriel.Who are you ?"
he asked .And Gamer answered with his alias "UltGamer but call me Gamer" .
"Okay Gamer what brings you to these parts ?"."Where am I ?What is this place?"
asked the befuddled Techie ."This is __________. And YOU should'nt be here." 
.
.
.